Added article "Clear Browsing Data" (#1737)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/clear-browsing-data.md

---
title: Clear browsing data from the user data folder
description: How to clear browsing data from the user data folder for a WebView2 app to free up space.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: webview
ms.date: 02/09/2022
---
# Clear browsing data from the user data folder

To clear browsing data from the user data folder for a WebView2 app to free up space, call the methods of the Clear Browsing Data API.

> The Clear Browsing Data API allows you to programmatically clear space in the user data folder for a user profile.  These methods clear selected browsing data that is stored in the user data folder of a WebView2 app.  For example, you can delete browsing data when a user signs out, to clear space in the user data folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Clear Browsing Data API allows you to programmatically erase data in user data folder associated with a webview2 user profile. An example use case of this is if an app wants to clear user data/history when a user signs out. 
```

        COREWEBVIEW2_BROWSING_DATA_KINDS dataKinds = (COREWEBVIEW2_BROWSING_DATA_KINDS)
            (COREWEBVIEW2_BROWSING_DATA_KINDS_GENERAL_AUTOFILL |
            COREWEBVIEW2_BROWSING_DATA_KINDS_PASSWORD_AUTOSAVE);
        CHECK_FAILURE(profile->ClearBrowsingDataInTimeRange(
            dataKinds, startTime, endTime,
            Callback<ICoreWebView2ClearBrowsingDataCompletedHandler>(
                [this](HRESULT error)
                    -> HRESULT {
                    return S_OK;
                })
                .Get()));
    }
}
```

Clear Browsing Data APIs used in this example:

* [ClearBrowsingDataInTimeRange(dataKinds, startTime, endTime)](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalprofile4#clearbrowsingdataintimerange)
* [COREWEBVIEW2_BROWSING_DATA_KINDS](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalcompositioncontroller4#corewebview2_browsing_data_kinds)

Other APIs:

* [ICoreWebView2ClearBrowsingDataCompletedHandler](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalclearbrowsingdatacompletedhandler).
* [ICoreWebView2Profile](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalprofile2).

> * `get_Profile` <!-- not found-->

Author: @jasonstephen15 Can you get a URL to link to?

Author: > Did we decide if we wanted to only include APIs that are specific to the Clear Browsing Data API?

Yes, below a sample listing, we only want to list the APIs that belong to the API which is being doc'd.

Author: @jasonstephen15 - are there any APIs outside of the Clear Browsing Data APIs that we need to doc, such as link to?

@Reezaali
